hello in dec sonicare and as you could
tell i found my headset yes basically
you probably be wondering why i got
picture Raymond to the Great Escape I
got the movie it well I was recently
watching a let's play of durden 77 sorry
for now informational name wrong I'm not
that good with it pronounce your name
but anyway been watching it and I
noticed there wasn't any speaking in it
just stuff like talking like banjo and
Su Su e that kind of gumball gumball
jumble stuff etc and I fought why not
dub over it and make a movie of it and I
really want to do this and I want to see
how it goes and if it's going to be good
or not so yeah basically I'm going to
have to recalled the whole play the
whole tie game I find a way to do it so
it's not gonna be that difficult
hopefully and I basic need a car yes a
course I need a car's full for actors
etc sound effects I can do with base san
fix i kin can do on my own and here and
there i can ask people but i really want
to do this movie and hopefully you guys
would help me to achieve this
accomplishment by helping me making this
and hopefully we can do this and pull it
off so yeah the if you haven't played
Raymond too I can't can't give the run
down all the cat has a comma more than
county names up my head basically got
way man himself you got the henchbots
those the robotic pirates in the game
and you got their captain captain razor
and you've got a bunch of characters as
well win in the hole tight game and I
can't remember them right now but I will
put a list of the characters who were in
the Rain Man 2 game and who we're going
to need voice actors for which
characters cool it's not going to be you
watching romain go through the whole
tile eville there will be some gameplay
footage clips here and there but not not
every single bit basically why I'm
saying is we we're going to incorporate
bits here and there and we're going to
make it as good as good as possible and
I want all your help if we can do this I
would be happy and apart from that um if
you want to really if you want to play a
part in this send me a message leave a
comment all make a video response with
your voice acting skills and who you
like the players that all are asking I
basically not all got same thank you for
watching